Update coherence and orphan rules documentation to match RFC 2451 (#703)
rust-lang/reference: src/glossary.md

functions, constants, and type aliases can be associated. Contrast to a [free
item].

### Blanket Implementation

Any implementation where a type appears [uncovered](#uncovered-type). `impl<T> Foo
for T`, `impl<T> Bar<T> for T`, `impl<T> Bar<Vec<T>> for T`, and `impl<T> Bar<T>
for Vec<T>` are considered blanket impls. However, `impl<T> Bar<Vec<T>> for

> Vec<T>` is not a blanket impl, as all instances of `T` which appear in this impl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vec<T>` is not a blanket impl, as all instances of `T` which appear in this `impl`
```

An [item] that is not a member of an [implementation], such as a *free
function* or a *free const*. Contrast to an [associated item].

### Fundamental Type

> Includes `&`, `&mut`, `Box` and `Pin`. Any time a type `T` is

Reviewer: Some points & questions (which @nikomatsakis may help with):

- `&` and friends are not types; they are type constructors.

- Suppose we have `#[fundamental] struct W<P0, P1> { ... }`. How would `W<A0, A1>` behave with respect to locality?  In this case the addition of a second type parameter is intentional so that we can suss out the *essence* of how fundamental types behave. It seems lifetimes have no effect on locality.

- Before itemizing the list of fundamental types it would be good to give a definition of how such types behave.

- What about fundamental `trait`s?

considered [local](#local-type), `&T`, `&mut T`, `Box<T>` and `Pin<T>` are also considered local.
Fundamental types cannot [cover](#uncovered-type) other types. Any time the term "covered type" is

> used, the `T` in `&T`, `&mut T`, `Box<T>` and `Pin<T>` is not considered covered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used, the `T` in `&T`, `&mut T`, `Box<T>`, and `Pin<T>` is not considered covered.
```

moved from. All other memory locations are assumed to be uninitialized. Only
unsafe Rust can create such a memory without initializing it.

> ### Local Trait

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Local trait
```

> A trait which was defined in the current crate. Whether a trait is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `trait` which was defined in the current crate. A trait definition is local
or not independent of applied type arguments. That is, given `trait Foo<T, U>`,
```

> local or not has nothing to do with type parameters. Given `trait Foo<T, U>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `Foo` is always local, regardless of the types used for `T` or `U`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Foo` is always local, regardless of the types substituted for `T` and `U`.
```

### Local Type

> A struct, enum, or union which was defined in the current crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `struct`, `enum`, or `union` which was defined in the current crate.
```

> This is not affected by type parameters. `struct Foo` is considered local, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not affected by applied type arguments. `struct Foo` is considered local, but
```

`Vec<Foo>` is not. `LocalType<ForeignType>` is local. Type aliases and trait

> aliases do not affect locality.

Reviewer: Trait aliases do not exist on stable.

Generic functions and generic structs can use traits to constrain, or bound, the types they accept.

### Uncovered Type

> A type which does not appear as a parameter to another type. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A type which does not appear as an argument to another type. For example,
```

`T` is uncovered, but the `T` in `Vec<T>` is covered. This is only relevant for

> type parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type arguments.
```
